document `X-RateLimit-Scope` (#4013)
hammerandchisel/discord-api-docs: docs/topics/Rate_Limits.md

- **X-RateLimit-Reset** - Epoch time (seconds since 00:00:00 UTC on January 1, 1970) at which the rate limit resets
- **X-RateLimit-Reset-After** - Total time (in seconds) of when the current rate limit bucket will reset. Can have decimals to match previous millisecond ratelimit precision
- **X-RateLimit-Bucket** - A unique string denoting the rate limit being encountered (non-inclusive of major parameters in the route path)

> - **X-RateLimit-Scope** - Returned with the value `shared` on a HTTP 429 response if the rate limit was applied for a shared resource rather than solely for the authenticated account.

Reviewer: maybe be more specific in this part?

```suggestion
- **X-RateLimit-Scope** - Returned with the value `shared` on a HTTP 429 response if the rate limit was applied for a shared resource rather than the specific endpoint or authenticated account.
```
